Update to new specifications for proof-of-work challenges (#28)
ProtonMail/go-srp: Changelog.md

> ## Changed
> * Update `github.com/cronokirby/saferith` dependency to v0.33.0. Adds assembly routines support for more platforms
> * Update `ECDLPChallenge` to the new specification and add the new `Argon2PreimageChallenge`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Added
* Helpers for new challenge type `Argon2PreimageChallenge`.

## Changed
* Update `github.com/cronokirby/saferith` dependency to v0.33.0. Adds assembly routines support for more platforms
* Update `ECDLPChallenge` to the new specification.
```
